Allow custom target in manpage role (#11825)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: doc/usage/restructuredtext/roles.rst

   ``:manpage:`ls(1)``` displays :manpage:`ls(1)`. Creates a hyperlink to an
   external site rendering the manpage if :confval:`manpages_url` is defined.

   .. versionchanged:: 7.3

>       Allowed to specify a custom target inside ``<>`` like hyperlinks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Allow specifying a target with ``<>``, like hyperlinks.
      For example, ``:manpage:`blah <ls(1)>```displays :manpage:`blah <ls(1)>`.
```
